Brother, I can't
Don't be afraid, Yanyan
Brother, I'll pay you, Mo Youxuan Ce
Do you want to save your sister?
Dragon Lady
Please leave us alone.
Unwilling to do anything
Brother, don't listen to him
Organize repentance
Snow Shadow Ares
Be merciful to the snow shadow
Murong Xuance
I'll ask as a dragon girl
You've grown by leaps and bounds over the years
Is there anyone behind it?
The Dragon Goddess is really sharp
Among the four gods of war in the Dragon Temple
Murong Xuance's strength can only be ranked ahead of Mo Shou
But he defeated Xuanyin War God today
There must be seven orifices
Although you are powerful
But the base is black
If I'm not mistaken
You are not practicing Dragon Temple Kung Fu
It's magic
Bold Murong Xuance
Demon Sect Tulu Central Plains
Jinling Sect, the sect where the dragon fish is located
Also harmed by it
You colluded with the demons
What is the fear?
Back then, the Mojiao missed the Central Plains
Wu Yue's two junior brothers and sister are in the Dragon God Temple
do your best
Only then will all the clouds of the Demon Cult be clear
I didn't expect it.
In the final battle against the leader of the Demon Cult and the ruthless
And he got away.
Murong Xuance
Is there any collusion with the master muscle of the Demon Sect ruthless?